So just what is kanban? Kanban is a method to manage workflow.
That is the most basic, simple definition.
If your team's practices are a series of steps,
your workflow, then kanban is for you.
So if your team's activities are requirements,
user interface design, coding, data design, or quality assurance,
to name a few,
those activities can be thought of as steps in your workflow, and
therefore, you'll be well served by using kanban.
Also, kanban is a lean practice.
Now let's see what lean is. Lean can be defined as a set of techniques
to identify and eliminate waste from operations.
This is one of the main goals of kanban. Lean systems focus on process
improvement that eliminate waste and improved workflow.
You are not lean. That is,
a system is not considered lean unless the process that is followed is
dedicated and focused on eliminating waste and improving workflow.
And guess what?
That's kanban. Principles versus manufacturing.
Lean can be described or defined as a set of principles and
shouldn't be described as a method or process that can be easily
copied from one environment to another.
Like the earlier slide stated, each and every kanban board will look
different and function differently, but they will still follow a set of
basic principles. Though the lean principles have its roots in
manufacturing from Japan, you shouldn't think you have to make software
development look like manufacturing.
Some people think kanban can only apply to the manufacturing world,
and it does not. Now for a little historical background.
Taiichi Ohno and Muda. It all started in the early 1940s.
The first kanban system was developed by Taiichi Ohno
from Toyota Automotive in Japan.
It was created as a simple planning system to control and manage
work and inventory at every stage of the production workflow.
Muda is a word for waste in Japanese.
Any activity that uses resources, but create no value
is waste and must be eliminated.
Examples of muda are rework, inventory nobody wants,
workflow steps that are just not needed, or resources waiting for upstream work to complete.